feat: add PyVISA-compatible args to query_binary method. (#445)
tektronix/tm_devices: CHANGELOG.md

Things to be included in the next release go here.

### Changed

> - Added PyVISA-compatible arguments to query_binary method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the PIControl.query_binary() method to include PyVISA-compatible arguments, enabling users to fully utilize the complete functionality of the PyVISA method.
```
